Add 5.20.2 release notes (#2476)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.20/release-notes.md

---

## 5.20.2 release notes

**May 26, 2020** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 5.20.2, is now available for download.

> This patch release adds username to the API request log to help operators with troubleshooting and user activity reporting, as well as validation for subjects in role-based access control (RBAC) role binding and cluster role binding. Release 5.20.2 also temporariliy disables process discovery so we can investigate and resolve an increase in event payload size.

Reviewer: > so we can investigate and resolve an increase in event payload size.

Maybe we should instead mention the performance impact of this feature on the backend

Author: 👍 what do you think of this change?
```
Release 5.20.2 also temporarily disables process discovery so we can investigate and resolve its performance impact on the backend (increased CPU and memory usage).
```

> This patch release adds username to the API request log to help operators with troubleshooting and user activity reporting, as well as validation for subjects in role-based access control (RBAC) role binding and cluster role binding. Release 5.20.2 also temporariliy disables process discovery so we can investigate and resolve an increase in event payload size.

Author: ```suggestion
This patch release adds username to the API request log to help operators with troubleshooting and user activity reporting, as well as validation for subjects in role-based access control (RBAC) role binding and cluster role binding.
Release 5.20.2 also temporarily disables process discovery so we can investigate and resolve its performance impact on the backend (increased CPU and memory usage).
```
